Release 0.5.0 (#132)
Kotlin/kotlinx-kover: CHANGELOG.md

0.5.0 / 2022-02-01
===================

> Note that this is a full changelog relative to `0.4.4` version. Changelog relative to `0.5.0-RC2` can be found below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this is a full changelog relative to `0.4.4` version. Changelog relative to `0.5.0-RC2` can be found at the end.
```

Author: "at the end" can be perceived as "at the end of the file"
